Before we talk specifically about Vue, let's talk about the role of frontend frameworks and why they were created.

- **Enhanced User Experience** - Frontend frameworks are designed to make it easier for developers to build user interfaces. They provide a lot of functionality out of the box and allow you to focus on the things that are unique to your application. If you try and build a really interactive interface with vanilla JavaScript, it gets really messy really quick. I'm not saying that you can't do it, but it can be really difficult and it's kind of like reinventing the wheel. -**Organization** - Frontend frameworks are also designed to make it easier for developers to organize their code. The UI is broken into components and each component has it's own state and properties. They're also essential for collaboration. If you have 5 developers create an interface with vanilla JavaScript, you're going to get 5 completely different projects. By using a framework, everyone can be on the same page.
- **Performance** - Frontend frameworks are also optimized for performance. They have a lot of built in features such as virtual DOM, which is a way of rendering the DOM without having to re-render the entire DOM every time. This is a huge performance boost and gives your users a really fast UI.
- **Modularity** - One of the key benefits of frontend frameworks is their modularity. They allow developers to break down their applications into smaller, reusable components. This modular approach not only makes the codebase more manageable and easier to understand but also promotes reusability.

So those are just some of the reasons why we use frontend frameworks. I'm not saying that you should always use one. In fact, that's something I see a lot is people using React or Vue to create a very simple landing page. All that does is over-complicate things. So you have to look at each project individually.